[Music]
[Music] now the Lord said to Moses come up to
now the Lord said to Moses come up to
now the Lord said to Moses come up to the Lord
the Lord
the Lord you and Aaron Nadab and Abihu and 70 of
you and Aaron Nadab and Abihu and 70 of
you and Aaron Nadab and Abihu and 70 of the elders of Israel and worship from
the elders of Israel and worship from
the elders of Israel and worship from afar and Moses alone shall come near the
afar and Moses alone shall come near the
afar and Moses alone shall come near the Lord but they shall not come near nor
Lord but they shall not come near nor
Lord but they shall not come near nor shall the people go up with him
shall the people go up with him
shall the people go up with him so Moses came and told the people all
so Moses came and told the people all
so Moses came and told the people all the words of the Lord and all the
the words of the Lord and all the
the words of the Lord and all the judgments and all the people answered
judgments and all the people answered
judgments and all the people answered with one voice all the words which the
with one voice all the words which the
with one voice all the words which the Lord has said we will do and Moses wrote
Lord has said we will do and Moses wrote
Lord has said we will do and Moses wrote all the words of the Lord and he rose
all the words of the Lord and he rose
all the words of the Lord and he rose early in the morning and built an altar
early in the morning and built an altar
early in the morning and built an altar at the foot of the mountain and twelve
at the foot of the mountain and twelve
at the foot of the mountain and twelve pillars according to the twelve tribes
pillars according to the twelve tribes
pillars according to the twelve tribes of Israel and then he sent a young men
of Israel and then he sent a young men
of Israel and then he sent a young men of the children of Israel who offered
of the children of Israel who offered
of the children of Israel who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace
burnt offerings and sacrificed peace
burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to the Lord and Moses
offerings of oxen to the Lord and Moses
offerings of oxen to the Lord and Moses took half the blood and put it in basins
took half the blood and put it in basins
took half the blood and put it in basins and half the blood he sprinkled on the
and half the blood he sprinkled on the
and half the blood he sprinkled on the altar then he took the book of the
altar then he took the book of the
altar then he took the book of the Covenant and read in the hearing of the
Covenant and read in the hearing of the
Covenant and read in the hearing of the people and they said all that the Lord
people and they said all that the Lord
people and they said all that the Lord has said we will do and be obedient and
has said we will do and be obedient and
has said we will do and be obedient and Moses took the blood sprinkled it on the
Moses took the blood sprinkled it on the
Moses took the blood sprinkled it on the people and said this is the blood of the
people and said this is the blood of the
people and said this is the blood of the Covenant which the Lord has made with
Covenant which the Lord has made with
Covenant which the Lord has made with you according to all these words
and Moses went out also Aaron Nadab and
and Moses went out also Aaron Nadab and Abihu and 70 of the elders of Israel and
Abihu and 70 of the elders of Israel and
Abihu and 70 of the elders of Israel and they sold the God of Israel
they sold the God of Israel
they sold the God of Israel [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and there was under his feet as it were
and there was under his feet as it were
and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of sapphire stone and it
a paved work of sapphire stone and it
a paved work of sapphire stone and it was like the very evidence in its
was like the very evidence in its
was like the very evidence in its clarity but on the nobles of the
clarity but on the nobles of the
clarity but on the nobles of the children of Israel he did not lay his
children of Israel he did not lay his
children of Israel he did not lay his hand so they saw God and they ate and
hand so they saw God and they ate and
hand so they saw God and they ate and drank
and the Lord said to Moses come up to me
and the Lord said to Moses come up to me on the mountain and be there and I will
on the mountain and be there and I will
on the mountain and be there and I will give you tablets of stone and the law
give you tablets of stone and the law
give you tablets of stone and the law and commandments which I have written
and commandments which I have written
and commandments which I have written that you may teach them so Moses arose
that you may teach them so Moses arose
that you may teach them so Moses arose with his assistant Joshua and Moses went
with his assistant Joshua and Moses went
with his assistant Joshua and Moses went up to the mountain of God and he said to
up to the mountain of God and he said to
up to the mountain of God and he said to the elders wait here for us until we
the elders wait here for us until we
the elders wait here for us until we come back to you indeed Aaron and her
come back to you indeed Aaron and her
come back to you indeed Aaron and her are with you If any man has a difficulty
are with you If any man has a difficulty
are with you If any man has a difficulty let him go to them then Moses went up
let him go to them then Moses went up
let him go to them then Moses went up into the mountain and a cloud covered
into the mountain and a cloud covered
into the mountain and a cloud covered the mountains now the glory of the Lord
the mountains now the glory of the Lord
the mountains now the glory of the Lord rested on Mount Sinai and the cloud
rested on Mount Sinai and the cloud
rested on Mount Sinai and the cloud covered it six days and on the seventh
covered it six days and on the seventh
covered it six days and on the seventh day he called to Moses out of the midst
day he called to Moses out of the midst
day he called to Moses out of the midst of the cloud the sight of the glory of
of the cloud the sight of the glory of
of the cloud the sight of the glory of the Lord was like a consuming fire on
the Lord was like a consuming fire on
the Lord was like a consuming fire on the top of the mountain in the eyes of
the top of the mountain in the eyes of
the top of the mountain in the eyes of the children of Israel
the children of Israel
the children of Israel so Moses went into the midst of the
so Moses went into the midst of the
so Moses went into the midst of the cloud and went up into the mountain and
cloud and went up into the mountain and
cloud and went up into the mountain and Moses was on the mountain forty days and
Moses was on the mountain forty days and
Moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights
forty nights
forty nights [Music]
you
you [Music]